README.md, before:

# My Hammerspoon Settings

My Hammerspoon configuration file sets up the following rules. See my [init.lua](https://github.com/elliotwaite/hammerspoon-config/blob/master/init.lua)
file for more details.

The following keys get remapped so that they can be used for navigation:
* `leftCmd + i` → `up`
* `leftAlt + i` → `cmd + up` (scroll to top of page)
* `leftCmd + k` → `down`
* `leftAlt + k` → `cmd + down` (scroll to bottom of page)
* `leftCmd + j` → `left`
* `leftCmd + u` → `alt + left` (left one word)
* `leftCmd + h` → `cmd + left` (jump to beginning of line)
* `leftCmd + l` → `right`
* `leftCmd + o` → `alt + right` (right one word)
* `leftCmd + ;` → `cmd + right` (jump to end of line)
* `leftCmd + '` → `cmd + right` (jump to end of line)

I also map `alt + scroll` to scroll to the top or bottom of the page by
multiplying the scroll distances by 1,000. This is better than just
mapping to `cmd + up/down` because this allows you to scroll to the
top/bottom of pages that are not in focus but are hovered over by the
cursor:
* `alt + scroll up` → `scroll up 1,000x` (scroll to top of page)
* `alt + scroll down` → `scroll down 1,000x` (scroll to bottom of page)

And I use [Mos](https://mos.caldis.me) to map `cmd + scroll` to
scrolling in the same direction but faster:
* `cmd + scroll up` → `scroll up faster`
* `cmd + scroll down` → `scroll down faster`

The following hotkeys are enabled when my external keyboard is not connected:
* ``` ` ``` → `escape`
* ```cmd + ` ``` → ``` ` ```

Global hotkeys:
* `cmd + escape` → Activate Brave and open a new tab. (Note:
  I have my `caps lock` key remapped to `escape` in `System Preferences >
  Keyboard > Modifier Keys`, so for me, this hotkey is really activated
  by `cmd + caps lock`)

Remapped browser hotkeys (for both Brave and Chrome):
* `cmd + 1` → `alt + cmd + i` (Toggle the developer tools)
* `cmd + 4` → `cmd + ctrl + f` (Toggle full screen mode)

Remapped Davinci Resolve events:
* `cmd + scroll` → `alt + scroll` (so that I can use `cmd + scroll` to zoom in an out of the timeline)

I also swap my middle and right mouse button events (I use an Evoluent
vertical mouse, and the Evoluent mouse driver is currently broken in Big
Sur, so I use Hammerspoon to remap the buttons instead). And I map the
extra thumb buttons to swipe gestures:
* `rightMouseDown` → `middleMouseDown`
* `rightMouseUp` → `middleMouseUp`
* `rightMouseDragged` → `middleMouseDragged`
* `middleMouseDown` → `rightMouseDown`
* `middleMouseUp` → `rightMouseUp`
* `middleMouseDragged` → `rightMouseDragged`
* `mouseButton4Down` → `swipeLeft`
* `mouseButton3Down` → `swipeRight`

My YouTube Video about Hammerspoon: https://youtu.be/wpVNm8Ub-1s

[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/wpVNm8Ub-1s/hqdefault.jpg">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpVNm8Ub-1s)

Note: If you are trying to map from one key to that same key with a
different modifier (e.g. `rightCmd + a` → `ctrl + a`), the default
method I use in my code to setup the above mappings won't work, but you
can use the workaround mentioned here:
https://github.com/elliotwaite/hammerspoon-config/issues/1

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add update to README about switching to Karabiner

README.md, after:

Update (Feb 23, 2022): I have switched to using
[Karabiner](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org/) for handling all non-scroll
related events. I noticed that Karabiner seemed to intercept events earlier
than Hammerspoon (for example, when trying to send Hammerspoon remapped keys to
Keyboard Maestro, Keyboard Maestro would sometimes still intercept the original
key values, but when using Karabiner remapped keys, Keyboard Maestro would
intercept the remapped values as expected). I have also created [a
script](https://github.com/elliotwaite/my-setup/blob/master/scripts/karabiner/update_karabiner_config.py)
that makes it very easy to update the Karabiner config file. I will leave this
branch as-is since it's a good resource for Hammerspoon users, but for my
latest settings, you can check out the
[scroll-events-only](https://github.com/elliotwaite/hammerspoon-config/tree/scroll-events-only)
branch.

# My Hammerspoon Settings

My Hammerspoon configuration file sets up the following rules. See my [init.lua](https://github.com/elliotwaite/hammerspoon-config/blob/master/init.lua)
file for more details.

The following keys get remapped so that they can be used for navigation:
* `leftCmd + i` → `up`
* `leftAlt + i` → `cmd + up` (scroll to top of page)
* `leftCmd + k` → `down`
* `leftAlt + k` → `cmd + down` (scroll to bottom of page)
* `leftCmd + j` → `left`
* `leftCmd + u` → `alt + left` (left one word)
* `leftCmd + h` → `cmd + left` (jump to beginning of line)
* `leftCmd + l` → `right`
* `leftCmd + o` → `alt + right` (right one word)
* `leftCmd + ;` → `cmd + right` (jump to end of line)
* `leftCmd + '` → `cmd + right` (jump to end of line)

I also map `alt + scroll` to scroll to the top or bottom of the page by
multiplying the scroll distances by 1,000. This is better than just
mapping to `cmd + up/down` because this allows you to scroll to the
top/bottom of pages that are not in focus but are hovered over by the
cursor:
* `alt + scroll up` → `scroll up 1,000x` (scroll to top of page)
* `alt + scroll down` → `scroll down 1,000x` (scroll to bottom of page)

And I use [Mos](https://mos.caldis.me) to map `cmd + scroll` to
scrolling in the same direction but faster:
* `cmd + scroll up` → `scroll up faster`
* `cmd + scroll down` → `scroll down faster`

The following hotkeys are enabled when my external keyboard is not connected:
* ``` ` ``` → `escape`
* ```cmd + ` ``` → ``` ` ```

Global hotkeys:
* `cmd + escape` → Activate Brave and open a new tab. (Note:
  I have my `caps lock` key remapped to `escape` in `System Preferences >
  Keyboard > Modifier Keys`, so for me, this hotkey is really activated
  by `cmd + caps lock`)

Remapped browser hotkeys (for both Brave and Chrome):
* `cmd + 1` → `alt + cmd + i` (Toggle the developer tools)
* `cmd + 4` → `cmd + ctrl + f` (Toggle full screen mode)

Remapped Davinci Resolve events:
* `cmd + scroll` → `alt + scroll` (so that I can use `cmd + scroll` to zoom in an out of the timeline)

I also swap my middle and right mouse button events (I use an Evoluent
vertical mouse, and the Evoluent mouse driver is currently broken in Big
Sur, so I use Hammerspoon to remap the buttons instead). And I map the
extra thumb buttons to swipe gestures:
* `rightMouseDown` → `middleMouseDown`
* `rightMouseUp` → `middleMouseUp`
* `rightMouseDragged` → `middleMouseDragged`
* `middleMouseDown` → `rightMouseDown`
* `middleMouseUp` → `rightMouseUp`
* `middleMouseDragged` → `rightMouseDragged`
* `mouseButton4Down` → `swipeLeft`
* `mouseButton3Down` → `swipeRight`

My YouTube Video about Hammerspoon: https://youtu.be/wpVNm8Ub-1s

[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/wpVNm8Ub-1s/hqdefault.jpg">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpVNm8Ub-1s)

Note: If you are trying to map from one key to that same key with a
different modifier (e.g. `rightCmd + a` → `ctrl + a`), the default
method I use in my code to setup the above mappings won't work, but you
can use the workaround mentioned here:
https://github.com/elliotwaite/hammerspoon-config/issues/1

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
